1. In our implementation, Alice and Bob increment their Diffie-Hellman ratchets every time they
exchange messages. Could the protocol be modified to have them increment the DH ratchets
once every ten messages without compromising confidentiality against an eavesdropper (i.e.,
semantic security)?
=> Không còn đảm bảo tính an toàn ngữ nghĩa. Vì khi attacker gửi liên tiếp 2 thông điệp giống nhau
thì sẽ nhận được 2 bản mã giống nhau
2. What if they never update their DH keys at all? Please explain the security consequences of
this change with regards to Forward Secrecy and Break-in Recovery.
=> Nếu secret key bị lộ. Attaker có thể giải mã toàn bộ tin nhắn trong quá khứ và đọc trộm tin nhắn 
trong tương lai vì tất cả đều có chung secret key.
3. Consider the following conversation between Alice and Bob, protected via the Double Ratchet
Algorithm according to the spec:
A: Hey Bob , can you send me the locker combo?
A: I need to get my laptop
B: Sure, it’s 1234!
A: Great, thanks! I used it and deleted the previous message.
B: Did it work?
What is the length of the longest sending chain used by Alice? By Bob? Please explain.
=> Độ dài sending chain lớn nhất mà Alice gửi là 2. Vì ban đầu Alice gửi 2 thông điệp.
Sau đó Bob gửi lại thông điệp kèm new ratchet public key nên chain kết thúc.
Độ dài sending chain lớn nhất mà Bob gửi là 2. Vì trong chain mới Bob gửi 2 thông điệp.
4. Unfortunately, in the situation above, Mallory has been monitoring their communications
and finally managed to compromise Alice’s phone and steal all her keys just before she sent
her third message. Mallory will be unable to determine the locker combination. State and
describe the relevant security property and justify why double ratchet provides this property.
5. The method of government surveillance is deeply flawed. Why might it not be as effective as
intended? What are the major risks involved with this method?
=> Nếu private key của government bị lộ. Tất cả message của hệ thống đều có thể đọc được.
Khóa cần được quản lý theo các phiên ngắn bằng cách sử dụng Double Ratchet.
6. Charlie buys a special computer that is unable to generate random numbers and thus unable
to run the Signal algorithm. To tackle this, Charlie claims to have invented a modification to
the Signal algorithm that is deterministic and uses no randomness. Please explain to Charlie
why there is no way for his algorithm can maintain both break-in recovery and forward secrecy
without randomness.